[Music]
welcome to b2b marketing and more with
your host Pam dinner as leading
marketing and sales enablement
strategist keynote speaker and author
Pam created this podcast to share our
professional experience and insights and
help you to be a great b2b marketer you
enjoy the podcast please share it with
your colleagues and leave a review on
iTunes now let's get started hello
everyone another big hello from Portland
Oregon I hope that you are doing well in
the last episode I talked about how to
be a strategic thinker in the contacts
would be to be marketing and I shared
three ideas number one think from the
perspective of why and the wide not how
helped senior managers understand why
you recommend specific initiatives why
are they important to the company and
the customers then dive into what and
finally the how so leave with the
benefits and explain why number two I
talked about communicate with senior
manager the way they can understand
explain marketing is impact to revenue
cost risk or efficiency and I share one
example in a previous episode which is
episode 109 number three help senior
managers connect the dots most senior
managers are non-native digital
marketers they didn't grow up with
digital and you need to explain the
challenges of digital marketing and
educate them in a way or using examples
that they can relate and I talk about a
specific analogy an example I use also
in episode 109 so check it out what this
specific episode I want to talk about
how to cultivate the strategic thinking
capability and I truly believe the skill
set can be acquired I am using myself
and examples I wouldn't consider myself
a natural a strategic thinker like I
said in my previous episode I'm more on
the Finance and Accounting and the
operation side of things that means a
lot of stuff I think right away it's
really about how and at the technical
level but over period
I was able to acquire that skill and
these are the three things I did and I
want to share that with you number one
understand why your senior managers care
about one thing - coda base strategic
thinking skill is to listen listen
intently to white your senior managers
talk and care about in general really at
a high level they care about increasing
revenue reducing cost and improving
efficiency we all know that but can you
connect what you do wet there goes right
that require a little bit of imagination
and connecting the dots in addition to a
typical revenue and costs what other
initiatives are they interested in
implementing what what changes are they
trying to do within the company listen
and make an effort to relay your
conversations to the topics that they
care about and that comes from listening
first number to communicate in a way
that senior managers can understand you
need to explain marketing's impact to
revenue cost or efficiency and I share
one specific example how to do that in
episode 106 number 3 work with the
mentors to cultivate your skills I was
fortunate to have several senior VPS as
my mentors when I was working on my
craft I would suggest that you find
mentors to work with you recently I have
worked with several new VPS and a senior
directors they just got promoted and
they needed to present their marketing
plans and budget we spend time putting
their plans together and I told them how
they should set up the flow of their
presentation how to position some of the
key requests and action items if you are
interesting working with me I have a 10
hour consultation in a man to a package
if you are a long time listener I don't
usually talk about my service offerings
I think this is the first time over a
hundred episodes that I mentioned my
service offering in my podcast and I've
been mentoring several new VPS and
directors and we have seen great results
I love to share what we've learned with
again if you like the content please
subscribe to this podcast on iTunes if
you prefer to watch youtube videos no
problem I publish one video a week
please subscribe to my youtube channel
alright so again if you have any
questions send it to Pam at Pam do not
calm or find me on any social media
channels I love to hear from you have a
great day if you enjoyed this podcast
please share it with your colleagues and
Libra review on iTunes
[Music]